hi everyone i am here to do a review and
swatch video of the hard candy top 10
translator eyeshadow palette in the
palette is called birthday suit there it
looks like this they are all matte
neutral shades which I love this feels
like leather and their studs I love the
packaging on this it's absolutely
gorgeous but when you open it up there
is a mirror but I'm going to try to
cover that for you and then there are
your shades your 10 shades these are
very smooth pigmented shades and I love
that they're all mad here all the shades
swatched on my hand they don't have
their own individual names sadly but I
have this on my eyes right now I'm
wearing the second color here and that
the third color here blended into the
crease and that's all that's on my eyes
and I'm loving it i think i will get a
lot of use out of this palette because
it's all matt and i don't have another
all matte palette and i also love that
they're all neutrals all nudes shades
because look at these shades aren't
these just gorgeous I think the camera
is washing them out there maybe that's
better but five on top five on bottom
and you get all these gorgeous shades
right here just look at that I love this
you can purchase this at walmart I
believe this was six dollars and they
have several other palettes but I always
loved nudes and I gravitate toward nudes
even though this was given to me I
gravitate toward nudes and I love this
and I would have picked this one for
myself out of all of them anyway and
it's very affordable because six dollars
for 10 eyeshadows you really can't beat
that in their creamy and pigmented I
really love the quality of these shadows
and hard candy shadows and seem to never
disappoint me so I love trying new hard
candy items
and plus their nudes they go with
everything they blend flawlessly and
easily i love it if you can get your
hands on one of these pallets or this
palette i strongly urge you to do that i
can already tell that this is going to
be a staple palette of mine and i've
only used it once and that was in this
look so if that says anything for the
palette I am glad because everybody
needs this palette in their life just go
check this out go look at it in the
store you won't be disappointed thanks
for watching I hope you enjoyed you have
any questions comments or requests
please leave them in the comments below
thanks bye